A
pill guys welcome back corruption in today's
video we are going to talk about ICICI
Lombard Health Insurance Cooper, what are the
things you need to do, what
documents are required,
what is the process, so guys give complete information on
this topic in this video,
please watch this video till the end, watch
computer, watch cricket match videos
so that you can get the benefit, so let's
first talk about there are two
types of cos, first reimbursement,
after that there is Prince Post wise, there is
Rabbit, well there is Embarrassment,
like you normally
go to any hospital which is
not a network hospital, it does not provide you cashless
service, at that time you have to make
payment automatically
to the hospital, you have to make payment on recharges, gas,
then you can settle the bill by submitting it together,
your Embarrassment of that,
after that there is another one, PM Post, like
you go to any company's network hospital
and there you can easily make cashless payment, that
means such profit  If you do this then everything is
finalized, you do not have to do it at one go, there are
16GB 32GB, it is
zest from that, that means half percent charge is there,
then 30 days before admission,
just if you have generated cement in their name, then
take f5 test in it or in some other
way now the bills which are in their hands, then
you can take this out and post
1615, friends I told you that you
can print in two ways, friends
see here the options are available apps, so
guys now we will talk about which
documents you require here, so
first of all you have
delegates recruitment, whether it is a
block of pharmacy or any kind of
test, their name should
also be there, cheers for example Rakesh
is the president, so that Rakesh's sample,
China specialists question Sonakshi
doctor, absolutely signup and its purse
time should also be taken, along with your pen
and your Aadhar card, you should
tell you immediately  Let me tell you that many people do not have a PAN card, so they get
scared that they will
not get clearance, so let me tell you that it is
mandatory, but if your brother's PAN card is
not made, if the insurance people are
not made, then what should they do, they do
not have any department, there is nothing to be afraid of,
here you have to click in two ways,
if you want to register it by clicking on the slot file, then
we
can do it in two ways, one is to order online,
flame, so guys, let me tell you that you can do
both the ways so that you can get the profit as soon as possible, so the
first method is online, in which
you have to click on identification, you
cannot do it in the office, if you want then
you can tell me in the comment section, I will
make a dedicated video on this in the future,
if you watch the video after a long time
or after 10 or 15 days after it is posted,
then you will
get the link of this video in the description
and there are other ways, you have to get it
couriered, you have to
submit the hard copy of your bike courier here,
whether it is a 200 rupees cancelled cheque  I have
told you, but there is also a requirement of a cancelled cheque.
Those in whose name there is insurance,
for claiming, their cancer
department can tell you that you do not
have the passbook of their bank account which is the front
page, you
can submit that, there is nothing to be afraid of, the
bank
account should be open in their name, only then you can say plain,
cross the hard copy
departments and I will tell you the
prescriptions, after that medicines for
residents of cost based job plan,
as much as you want to do, you should delete it,
ambulance and work, then you want to do end elasticity,
its bill friend, here you
can submit a valid Aadhar card or a photocopy of PAN card and a photocopy of PAN passbook and here cancer check is
also required, you can submit it, yes, let me
tell you the right way to claim, if
you want to talk to such people from Salumbar, Samastipur, then
you have numbers and dimples on the skin, you
can call on this number, you are getting land stand
distance solution  You can, I will definitely
tell you the process of
how to click on the IIT application. You have to submit a clean form,
even if it is ad copies, that is, get it
couriered. At that time also, Saathiya
Pooja Online Prayer to Attack application. At that
time, you have to submit 26 claim forms.
You have to click on Akshar Poojas,
then the process is completed because in this I will
make a completely dedicated video of the claim form so that you can understand what to click
in which section, so
guys, you will also get the link for it
in the description. In this video, I have
told about reducing stress and telephones, so in this I have
given complete information about what is required while making a claim in ICC Monday
Health Insurance,
then how can you do it.
I hope you liked the video, so guys,
please like this video
and I have subscribed to the channel. Guys,
I keep bringing such Brijlal content only for all of you. So guys, see you
in the next video. Till then, bye, take care,
thanks for  thanks watching